(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 10)
Kwak Young Shil...
died.
14 years ago.
Liar.
I saw with my own eyes.
She died.
Why?
When?
Where? How did my mom die?
Did you...
Did you kill her?
You shameless scumbag.
You killed my mom, but you've been doing fine,
and now, you want to save your brother?
Do you think I'll allow that?
Don't make me laugh.
Forget the evidence.
I'll send both you...
and Cho Gap Soo to prison.
I'll turn myself in.
- What? - I was prepared...
to pay for killing her when I came here.
I'll testify...
that Cho Gap Soo ordered me to kill her.
I have evidence...
of him ordering the murder 14 years ago.
I'll give it all to you.
Please...
save...
my brother Min Ho.
Please.
Where did you bury...
my mom?
There was a fire at Sena Mental Hospital.
While escaping,
Kwak Young Shil suffered a bad burn.
When I got there, she was practically comatose.
I took care of her at the hospital...
where she was being treated.
We usually keep unclaimed ashes...
for only 10 years.
This way.
If she passed away in 2003,
it was probably spread somewhere...
with other ashes four years ago.
Take a look.
No.
It isn't true.
You saw.
Kwak Young Shil was burned and hurt while saving you.
Detective Baek took her to another hospital,
and that's all I know.
How could you just send her?
She saved my life.
You should've reported it.
You should've told her family.
It's not like I forgot and lived in peace.
I was miserable too.
You must come clean and say what you know.
What would that change?
It's been over 10 years.
Mom.
Tell me what happened to Ms. Ma back then.
Please.
What if your career is ruined...
because of something from the past?
You're a prosecutor.
I'm fine with my life being ruined.
But I won't let...
your reputation as a prosecutor be tainted.
That's right.
I'm a prosecutor.
That's why I can't ignore what those people did...
to Ms. Ma's mother.
I must uncover the truth and punish them.
- Jin Wook. - I hope you will...
change your mind before I do that.
(Ma Yi Deum)
I asked her about...
your mother.
- My mother... - I know...
my mom's no longer in this world.
So?
What did she say?
That she had no other choice?
Does she want to bury...
what's in the past?
Do you know what I'm most upset about?
No matter what happens, I can't understand her.
But, maybe 20 years ago,
let's say she couldn't help it. However,
she met me.
I went to ask her with my mom's picture.
But she kept her mouth shut.
How can anyone do that?
What a nerve. It's abominable.
I'm speechless.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
Don't be sorry.
It's not you who should be sorry.
Also,
this isn't something an apology can fix.
You know that, don't you?
No matter what happens,
I'll pay your mother back...
for what she did to my mom.
Can you still work with me after this?
No, right?
How can you work with me when I'll make her pay?
Let's split up from Kong Soo Ah's case.
I'll take care of it by myself.
Ms. Ma.
From now on,
let's never get involved again.
(Defendant: Ahn Tae Kyoo, Baek Min Ho)
(Regarding the case above...)
(Baek Min Ho's evidence: witness, CCTV...)
(Ahn Tae Kyoo's evidence)
(Q: Min Ho? Are you referring to Baek Min Ho?)
(Q: Who hit her? A: It was Baek Min Ho.)
Did you receive it? The glove...
Ahn Tae Kyoo was wearing at the time.
I'll testify...
that Cho Gap Soo ordered me to kill her.
I have evidence...
of him ordering the murder 14 years ago.
I'll give it all to you.
Please save my brother Min Ho.
(A: It was Baek Min Ho. Baek Min Ho did it.)
(Ahn Tae Kyoo)
(Spelling edited)
(True correction, true happiness)
Listen carefully, Min Ho.
I intend on getting you out no matter what.
Why?
Because your brother has what I want.
I knew it. He wouldn't just leave me here.
Don't misunderstand.
I won't cover up the crimes you committed.
Then what do I do now?
You have to stay focused.
If you testify like the interrogation,
you'll be blamed for Tae Kyoo's doings.
Okay.
This is the last bit.
Why are you showing this to me?
Things didn't go well with the district attorney.
I know you didn't see him.
I know you never intended to help me from the start.
Are you telling me you'll go...
and do what you want?
You're the one that threw me away first.
You're the one that stabbed me in the back!
That notebook.
I know you won't hand it over for free.
I'll give you this...
if you give me that notebook.
If I release the video,
Kingdom will be known to the world.
Are you telling me you'll help Min Ho...
while taking that into account?
What can I do?
Both of our lives are on the line.
You better make the right choice.
I told you earlier, right?
This is your last chance.
I realized something while serving you for 20 years.
You would...
never give up something to help someone else.
Then...
what is that prosecutor giving up for you?
That prosecutor and I have an understanding.
Do you really want to take this all the way?
Is that what you want?
What is this?
It was mailed to CAGU this morning.
- Who is it from? - I don't know.
It came anonymously.
Also,
this box...
must be the one with the glove from yesterday.
(Ahn Tae Kyoo, main culprit)
(Baek Min Ho, accomplice)
(Ahn Tae Kyoo)
What are you doing at my desk?
Let's talk.
What is this?
What did you do yesterday?
When did they take that?
Why did Ahn Tae Kyoo become the main culprit?
You also fixed Hyun Ji Soo's testimony.
What did you agree to with Baek Sang Ho?
I told you to take your hands off this case.
Don't you know what you did?
I got a call from Ji Soo.
She had the glove...
Ahn Tae Kyoo wore while hitting Soo Ah...
from that night.
I sent the glove to the NFS.
If Tae Kyoo's DNA and Soo Ah's blood are found,
it'll become a sure evidence.
Are you happy?
This is still wrong.
- What is? - I know you're hurt.
I understand.
I'm frustrated because I can't help.
But what about Soo Ah's trial?
What about it?
If they find the statement was fabricated,
they'll say that the glove will not be admissible.
What will you do then?
Because of what you did on your own,
we might lose the real culprit...
and ruin the trial!
Before it's too late, get off the case.
- Why should I? - Ms. Ma!
I won't ruin the trial.
I'll put Tae Kyoo in as a murderer.
I'll help Soo Ah take her revenge.
Then I have no choice. I'll have to report.
I can't let you ruin the case...
for personal reasons.
Yes?
We have the result for the glove.
I'll come right now.
Do as you wish.
I won't give up on this case.
We found Ahn Tae Kyoo's DNA on the glove.
We also found Kong Soo Ah's blood.
Yes.
(Autopsy Report)
It's still a no.
You're no longer on this case.
I can't let you do that.
Meeting a family member of a suspect...
disqualifies you from going to court.
You know that already.
I can't do that.
I have to take this case.
Ms. Ma.
I know it's hard because of your mother.
Know what?
How much do you know about my mom?
That she was abducted by Cho Gap Soo...
while trying to report to you,
then being confined in a mental institute?
Then how she was killed by Baek Sang Ho...
in case she became a problem?
How much of it do you know?
Do you know why I became a prosecutor?
He stole my mom...
and made me suffer for 20 years.
I became a prosecutor to arrest him myself.
Now,
I know exactly who he is.
Cho Gap Soo and Baek Sang Ho...
The statute of limitations for them will expire soon.
If I don't get Baek Sang Ho's testimony,
Cho Gap Soo...
will get out of it just like 20 years ago.
I'll make him pay with my own hands.
In order to do that,
I have to get Min Ho out of his charge.
Before you're Young Shil's daughter,
you're prosecutor Ma Yi Deum.
Did you forget?
Didn't you think...
you might ruin Kong Soo Ah's trial?
I'm not turning...
someone innocent into a criminal.
Ahn Tae Kyoo is the main culprit.
I will win the trial...
and arrest Cho Gap Soo too.
You can't take both of them to court.
As a prosecutor,
if you cannot be just in court,
you have to step out.
(Cho Gap Soo and Kim Moon Sung...)
(are winning the hearts of the public.)
(2017 Mayor Election)
How much do you know about my mom?
That she was abducted by Cho Gap Soo...
while trying to report to you,
then being confined in a mental institute?
Then how she was killed by Baek Sang Ho...
in case she became a problem?
(Ahn Tae Kyoo)
Are you saying...
we should disregard Hyun Ji Soo's testimony?
That's what I decided.
Did you know about...
Ms. Ma's mother too?
I know how much pain she's suffering.
I didn't report it to you because I didn't know.
- Yeo. - She fabricated evidence.
We can't cover the fact she met with his family.
Is this the right choice for us to make?
It's true what Ma did was wrong.
That's why she won't handle the case anymore.
Indict Ahn Tae Kyoo with this.
It's sure evidence.
Yes.
(Oh Soo Chul)
Yes, of course.
I'll look into it and take action.
Okay.
Mr. Park?
Go to Ma Yi Deum's office at CAGU...
and check the result on...
Ahn Tae Kyoo and Baek Min Ho.
Right away.
They're all dead.
A new Yeongpa!
A city that guarantees the people's safety!
I, Cho Gap Soo,
will guarantee it!
Just like now,
I'll continue to serve you well!
I love you,
dear citizens.
(Kim Moon Sung)
A new Yeongpa!
I'll sacrifice myself for you.
I trust that you will make...
wise decisions.
- I'll make a city... - Sir.
- for youths! - It's Mr. Cho's file.
I'll sacrifice myself to serve you!
He kidnapped an innocent woman,
confined her,
and murdered her!
He doesn't have the right to become a mayor!
(Kim Moon Sung's Emergency press conference)
In 1996, Cho Gap Soo...
was under trial for the Hyungjae Factory Case.
He was found innocent at the first trial...
when he ran into a victim...
named Kwak Young Shil.
He abducted her right away...
and confined her at a mental institute.
I almost forgot about it...
until seven years later.
When he started politics with the Future Party,
he figured she might become a hindrance...
and ordered me to kill her.
The first reason why the victim died...
was due to cruel assault.
Ahn Tae Kyoo...
(Evidence one)
wore this glove with studs...
while he assaulted Kong Soo Ah.
She ends up...
losing consciousness.
(Defense)
(Defendant)
(Jury)
According to the NFS,
they found Kong Soo Ah's blood...
and Ahn Tae Kyoo's DNA...
on the glove.
I object.
Do you have evidence...
that the glove belongs to him?
(Defendant)
Do you see it?
A.T.K.
What could it be?
It's Ahn Tae Kyoo's initials.
Is that good enough?
That's all, Your Honor.
Sir.
The press is going crazy.
Since they released it first,
it's all over the internet.
Let's wait a while longer.
The rain will stop soon.
Like Prosecution said,
let's consider that the glove...
belongs to Ahn Tae Kyoo.
It's the truth. Why would you assume?
However,
we cannot conclude it proves his violence.
Defense, what do you mean?
Kong Soo Ah's blood on the glove...
might not be from an assault.
It's possible it got on in the process...
of abducting the corpse.
I object.
It's a claim she cannot substantiate.
It's clouding the issue.
I have...
the evidence.
Your Honor,
I'd like to submit the knuckle...
found in Ahn Tae Kyoo's scraped car.
This knuckle was worn...
often by the other defendant, Baek Min Ho,
who has a violent nature.
I have never seen that in my life!
Quiet down.
On this knuckle,
we found Baek Min Ho's DNA...
and the victim's blood.
It's a fabrication!
I have never worn this in my life!
Defendant.
Your Honor, I object.
Defense just said...
that Kong's blood on Ahn's glove...
was due to moving the body.
That means the blood on the knuckle...
cannot be seen as evidence of an assault.
Your Honor,
I have evidence to show that this knuckle...
was used for assault.
What is it?
It's...
her scars.
The distance between each cut...
and the distance between the knuckles...
match exactly.
What could this mean?
The one that assaulted the victim...
and pushed her to death...
is defendant...
Baek Min Ho.
What are you saying? I've never seen that before!
Your Honor, I'm being framed!
I... I've never seen that before, not even once.
Hey, Tae Kyoo. Tell the truth!
- Calm down. - Tell the truth, you rat!
- Calm down. - Hey!
Keep it down!
Prosecution. Reevaluate the case a little more,
and revise the indictment of Baek Min Ho.
We will continue the trial thereafter.
We will adjourn until the same time tomorrow.
Ma'am.
What's going on?
Why did the trial end like this?
Didn't those jerks do bad things?
Then can't you just punish them both?
What's the problem...
that you're stalling like this?
Ma'am, the thing is...
I'm Shin Kyung Tae with Internal Affairs.
I have some questions. Please come with us.
Questions about what?
What's going on?
I'm the chief prosecutor of CAGU, Min Ji Sook.
Don't worry.
We'll lock them both up at the trial tomorrow.
Okay.
Let's go.
[VIU Ver] E10 Witch's Court "Ahn versus Baek"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Take a look.
What is your relationship with Baek Sang Ho?
Nothing much.
Why did you meet the defendant's family?
I ran into him by chance.
If there's no relationship and you met by chance,
why did you change the testimony?
- I can't remember. - What are you doing?
Look. You're doing this out of order.
Shouldn't you look into who took these...
and why they sent them to you first?
Ma Yi Deum.
Answer the question.
Not until you tell me who sent in these photos.
I'll assert my right to remain silent.
Fine. You try that.
It's over.
It's really over for me now.
- Min Ho. - You saw.
How could we beat them? They can make up anything.
I mean... Does this make any sense?
I'm going to rot in jail for at least 20 years,
but Tae Kyoo will live like nothing happened.
What is this?
(Deed)
Do you remember?
That house with the tree that you liked...
that we saw on the way to the market...
when you were little.
You said you'd make a lot of money and buy it...
when you grew up.
Sang Ho. This house is really nice.
That tree is super nice too.
Later on, I'll make lots and lots of money...
and buy this house.
Then we will live here for a long time, okay?
Okay?
Sure. Let's live here for a long time.
I couldn't wait any longer...
and bought that house.
What are you saying? Didn't you hear me?
My life...
is completely over.
No. It isn't over yet.
Min Ho.
Listen to me.
We have one last shot.
I swear I'll get you out.
It's Baek Sang Ho.
I'll give you my planner. Where should I go?
Sang Ho.
Where did you say you lived?
Things are a big mess.
You may end up getting hurt by this too.
I'm worried for you.
Why don't you just dump that prosecutor?
What happened with Ms. Ma?
It won't be easy.
Ahn Tae Kyoo's side must be behind...
the photos and testimony.
Perhaps.
I'll go to NFS.
I'll check if the knuckle glove evidence is real.
Knuckle?
I don't remember seeing it.
If we had received it, I would've seen it.
The technician listed was Jung Young Ho.
He took a personal day today.
- Pardon? - I'll tell him to call...
when he comes in tomorrow.
Hello?
You said you needed to see me?
I heard Ms. Ma Yi Deum was unreachable.
What do you want to tell me?
My brother says...
he has a video that could be evidence.
A video?
Of that night.
A video of Tae Kyoo hitting her that night.
My brother says he'll take the stand tomorrow...
and show the video then since we don't know...
what they'll do if we submit it beforehand.
I really...
didn't do it.
That video will prove it. So please,
call my brother to testify tomorrow...
at the trial.
Hello, sir.
Sang Ho.
Is this how you've lived?
Yes.
You and I...
both lived lonely lives.
Here it is.
Sang Ho.
I'm sorry.
That's not necessary.
No.
I really mean it.
I know what Min Ho means to you.
After your mom left when he was a baby,
you raised him like he was your son.
But I took Tae Kyoo's side instead of him.
You must've been so angry.
But Sang Ho,
can't you trust me just one more time?
You know, right?
I barely got here after all this time...
without any connections or support.
I still have so much to do.
I can't fall for no reason...
for something that's in the past.
Gap Soo.
Are you telling me...
to take the fall...
once again?
You're the only one...
who can save me,
and I'm the only person...
who can save Min Ho.
This is neither an order...
or a threat.
As a friend who cherishes you,
I'm asking you for this favor.
Can't you do it?
Sang Ho.
I promise...
to save Min Ho.
So...
please save me just this once.
(Confession)
(I, Baek Sang Ho)
Sang Ho.
Thank you.
(Ma Yi Deum made me lie.)
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
(Kong Soo Ah Murder Trial Day 2)
(Prosecution)
(Defendant)
(Defense Counsel)
Prosecutor. Is your witness here?
Please give him another minute.
He'll be here soon.
Your Honor.
Isn't it a waste of time to wait for a witness...
who isn't coming?
The prosecutor hasn't revised the indictment...
using the witness as an excuse.
Prosecutor.
He died...
because of the prosecutor.
Baek Min Ho's brother?
That's right. His brother.
He really died.
It's his brother.
What?
He died.
Quiet down.
Prosecutor.
Is your witness...
Baek Min Ho's brother,
Baek Sang Ho?
Yes, it is.
Baek Sang Ho...
was just found dead.
I, Baek Sang Ho,
lied in order to save my brother...
who is on trial...
because of Ma Yi Deum, the prosecutor.
The recording that I abducted, locked up,
and murdered Kwak Young Shil...
was a lie coerced by Ma Yi Deum.
I declare that Cho Gap Soo is innocent...
in it all.
Everything above...
is true.
The brother of Baek on trial for murder,
Baek Sang Ho,
was found dead in his house.
His suicide note states...
he was threatened by Ma, the prosecutor...
on his brother's case.
Cho Gap Soo, who was especially close to Baek,
canceled his campaign schedule...
to show his respects...
and showed deep sorrow.
Sang Ho...
He says Ma Yi Deum...
had been pressuring him...
to lie if necessary,
to create a political scandal.
To create evidence,
even if it's fake,
to save his brother.
Sang Ho was unable to endure this...
and took his own life.
Why didn't anyone stop that prosecutor?
What was...
the prosecutors' office doing this entire time?
Baek Min Ho...
assaulted the victim for a prolonged time...
while raping her, causing her death.
He disposed of the body in order to cover up...
his crime. These are heinous crimes.
However, he shows no remorse for his crimes,
but rather,
accused Ahn Tae Kyoo who was with him.
His actions cannot be tolerated.
Thus,
I accept the jury's unanimous vote...
and declare the following.
Defendant...
Baek Min Ho is sentenced to 18 years in prison.
Ahn Tae Kyoo...
admitted to aiding and abetting,
and is sentenced to three years in prison.
However,
his sentence will be reduced to five years...
of probation.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen of the jury.
I, Cho Gap Soo, as a member of society,
desperately request...
the Prosecutors' Office...
to punish...
the prosecutor Ma Yi Deum,
who acted unjustly by faking evidence,
(Cho Gap Soo requests Ma Yi Deum be punished)
oppressed and pressured a person,
and ended up taking his life.
She is a murderer...
and must be punished severely.
(Supreme Prosecutors' Office)
So,
are you saying...
you ordered her to do all of it?
Yes.
I ordered her to alter the testimony as well.
Ma Yi Deum simply followed my orders.
As in...
you'll take full responsibility?
I must.
It may not end with demotion...
or disciplinary action.
I'm prepared.
I can't understand.
Why are you protecting that prosecutor so much?
(Min Ji Sook)
Why did you come all the way here?
You should be working.
Give me that. I'll...
It's okay.
Go back to your desks and do your work.
Jang. I leave CAGU in your hands.
Ma'am.
I don't get it.
Ma Yi Deum broke the law.
Why is Ms. Min quitting?
We should have a company dinner.
A farewell party.
We can't just let you go like this.
My treat.
Ma'am.
Call me if you ever need me.
If you call,
I'll resign and run right to you.
Bye.
Take care.
I'll take that.
No, it's okay.
Don't come out.
I'll go alone.
Are you really leaving like this?
Ma Yi Deum.
You're free to go.
You may return to work.
(Main Suspect's Brother Found Dead)
Ms. Ma?
You're famous.
Everyone calls you a chief prosecutor killer.
Say what you want to say.
Min Ji Sook...
resigned in your place.
What?
She covered the fact that you altered evidence.
She even stayed silent about your meeting...
the defendant's family and threatening him.
Gosh.
No matter how much she was demoted,
she never budged.
But one bad subordinate, and her career ended.
Don't you feel anything by now?
What?
Are you saying I should quit since she did?
Why should you quit?
You'll get fired too anyway.
It's your seventh year as a prosecutor, right?
Your qualifications are being evaluated.
Look, Yi Deum.
Let me give you advice for old times' sake.
Just quit on your own before you're fired.
If you're fired, you can't even open an office.
Think it over.
Goodness.
Ma'am.
I confirmed that the glove evidence was manipulated.
I'll appeal.
I'll lock Ahn Tae Kyoo up. I won't give up.
Okay. I didn't give up either.
We'll meet again soon.
You said you'd relieve Soo Ah's grudge.
Ahn Tae Kyoo got off with probation.
Baek Sang Ho, who promised to testify,
died.
Ms. Min...
resigned.
What about your mother's matter?
Did you uncover the truth...
as you hoped?
Answer me.
You're right.
I ruined everything.
(Cho Gap Soo Wins Mayoral Race)
- Cho Gap Soo! - Cho Gap Soo!
- Congratulations! - Congratulations!
Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you.
- Cho Gap Soo! - Cho Gap Soo!
Mr. Kang invited you to dinner to celebrate.
Okay.
Where's Mr. Baek?
Pardon?
Never mind.
Congratulations on being elected,
Mayor Cho Gap Soo.
Sang Ho. You...
Congratulations, Gap Soo.
Sang Ho.
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
Unit 803 moved out.
The phone has been turned off.
Please leave a message after the tone.
Once you have finished...
I'll report right away.
Have we received the lab results yet?
I understand.
(3 Months later)
(CAGU, Park Hoon Soo, Yeo Jin Wook)
(Prosecutor, Park Hoon Soo)
Ms. Ma.
What brings you here?
(Occupation: Designated driver)
(Accused Party: Ma Yi Deum)
"Accused party..."
"Ma Yi Deum"?